The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
You spoke about the
students' safety, Eraser Head.
During the incident,
it appears you urged them to fight.
What was your intention behind this?
"Pro Hero - Eraser Head - Quirk: Erasure"
"Pro Hero - Vlad King - Quirk: Blood Control"
I concluded that because we were
unable to fully grasp the situation,
it had to be done in order
to avoid the worst possible outcome.
What do you mean by "worst possible outcome"?
You don't call 26 victims and
one abducted the worst possible outcome?
The "worst outcome" I assumed in that situation
was that the students would be
at their wits' end and be killed.
"Pro Hero - Nezu - Quirk: High Specs"
"U.A. High School Principal: Nezu"
The gas attack accounts for most of the victims.
We have determined that it was a
sleeping gas from one of the enemies' Quirks.
Thanks to the quick response
of Ms. Kendo and Mr. Tetsutetsu,
there were no serious injuries from that attack.
In addition, we are providing
mental care to the students,
but at the moment, we do not see
any signs of serious psychological trauma.
Are you saying that it was
a bright spot in this tragedy?
We believe that the worst outcome is one
that would have infringed on the future.
Can you say the same thing
for the kidnapped Bakugo?
He enrolled at U.A. High with
excellent marks and won the sports festival.
In addition, during the incident
with the sludge villain in middle school,
he resisted the powerful villain alone,
so he has a history of showing
how tough and heroic he can be.
On the other hand,
the violence he showed in the finals
and his attitude at the award ceremony
show that he is not always very stable mentally.
"angry angry angry angry"
What if the villains kidnapped him
because they had an eye on that?
Kidnapping him with deceitful words,
and dyeing him with the path of evil?
What evidence do you have
for saying that he has a future?
I know it's his job,
but he's being so aggressive!
He's trying to stress us out and
catch us saying something inappropriate.
Don't fall for it...
He's probably doing this knowing
that you hate the media, Eraser!
No, don't let him trick you!
"Nezu" "Eraser Head" "Vlad King"
As an educator, I take full responsibility
for Katsuki Bakugo's violent behavior.
However, his actions at the sports festival
originate in what he considers "ideal strength."
He is trying harder than anyone
in his pursuit of becoming the "top hero."
If the villains saw that and
thought they had an opening,
then I believe they are being short-sighted.
That is not evidence, though.
This isn't a question of how you feel--
I'm asking whether or not
you have a concrete plan in place.
We are not just standing around idly.
We are currently investigating
along with the police.
"Broadcast: U.A. High School
Emergency Press Conference"
We will definitely get our student back.
You said it, U.A. and Mr. Aizawa!
That's how it is, you damn scum of a league!
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
They went through all that trouble to mount
a huge attack, and all they got was me.
They even told me what they wanted.
To them, I'm an important
person that they can use.
Since they're trying to turn me to their side,
they won't try to kill me seriously.
Before they change their minds,
I'll take down two or three of them and escape!
Just so you know, I'm still allowed to fight!
"Villain - Magne"
You know exactly what your position is, huh?
What a smart boy!
"Villain - Mr. Compress"        "Villain - Dabi"
No, he's an idiot.
"Villain - Twice"     "Villain - Himiko Toga"
I'll stick you.
"Villain - Spinner"
Even if he wasn't going to join us, he should
have pretended we were winning him over...
He's done it now.
I won't do something I don't
want to even if I'm only faking it.
"Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay"
And I don't wanna be in an
annoying place like this for very long.
Father...
Don't, Tomura Shigaraki! Calm down!
Don't touch him, any of you.
This guy...
...is a valuable piece.
"Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate"
I wish you would've listened to me a little...
I thought we could come to an understanding...
Heroes and villains are
two sides of the same coin.
Come to an understanding?
No way.
Then I have no choice.
The heroes said they're
continuing their investigation of us...
We don't have time to talk leisurely.
Master--
Lend me your power.
"Villain - All For One - Quirk: All For One"
That was a good decision, Tomura Shigaraki.
"All For One"
"Camino Ward, Kanagawa Prefecture"
"*Yaoyorozu"
This is the spot the receiver is showing.
"*Yaoyorozu"                                   "*Kirishima"
So that's their hideout...
It really looks like one!
I don't know if it's their hideout or not,
but from what I can see on the receiver,
the villain has not left here for the past day.
"*Midoriya"      "*Iida"      "*Todoroki"
Also, just because that villain
is here does not mean Bakugo is.
We are here with very little to go on.
Please think about that objectively.
We don't have anyone who excels at
sneaking around, like Jiro or Hagakure, with us.
If I think it's even the least bit dangerous,
I will stop you immediately.
Because I am your friend,
I will not hesitate to call the police, either.
Thanks, Iida.
What can we do with what we have...?
I've gotta think.
"mutter mutter mutter"
The prerequisite is that we not use
our Quirks or fight with the villains.
--It's been a while since I saw that muttering.
--On top of that, we need to figure out
if Kacchan is in that building or not.
--It really feels like Midoriya.
--Like Iida said, we don't have anyone with
a good scouting Quirk like Jiro or Shoji, so...
That's right. Once you decide
to do something, you're unstoppable.
You can't stop.
It's what I respect about
you as a friend... a rival.
But I can't allow any more than this.
This time, I will protect you.
Why do I have to clean up after U.A....?
"Pro Hero - Endeavor - Quirk: Hellflame"
I'm a busy man.
Come on, don't be like that.
"Pro Hero - Best Jeanist - Quirk: Fiber Master"
You went to U.A., too, didn't you?
"Police Officer - Naomasa Tsukauchi"
Right now, we cannot call
any heroes away from U.A.
Please look at the big picture, Endeavor.
It's possible that this incident will become
the impetus for the destruction of hero society.
We must give it our all to make
sure we resolve this successfully.
In the past, I invited Bakugo to
my agency in order to reform his behavior.
There are very few men as stubborn as he is.
He is probably fighting back right now.
The situation requires that we act fast.
Not even you were able to change him?
"Pro Hero - Gang Orca"
He was inflexible with
pride down to the roots of his hair.
"Pro Hero - Tiger - Quirk: Pliabody"
My comrade, Ragdoll, was also taken.
I cannot overlook this
at a personal level, either.
Based on the tracking device
set by one of the students,
we believe that there are multiple hideouts.
From our investigations, we know
where the kidnapped victim is located.
We'll send the bulk of our forces there
and prioritize getting the victim back.
At the same time, we will gain control of
the other location we believe is their hideout,
cutting off all paths of retreat
to arrest all of them at once.
Toshinori,
if they're recruiting the likes of me, then--
There's nothing to "the likes
of you" about you, Gran Torino.
With such big developments,
that guy will definitely move.
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
"Pro Hero - Gran Torino - Quirk: Jet"
All For One...
Today, it'll be a race against time!
Don't let the villains get away with anything!
At the press conference earlier,
we had just the principal work
with us to deceive the villains.
I had him feign distress,
as if going through a very rough time.
After hearing those words,
the villains won't think that we
will rush in on the very same day!
Let us retaliate!
Come, it's time for our counterattack!
Let's overturn this flow of events, heroes!
"Affiliation: Pro Hero"
"Birthday: 10/5"
"Height: 190 cm" "Blood Type: AB" "Likes: Wolves"
"Best Jeanist"
"Quirk: Fiber Master"
"He can freely manipulate textiles."
"Affiliation: Pro Hero"
"Birthday: 2/22"
"Height: 170 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Rice Balls"
"Edgeshot"
"Quirk: Foldabody"
"He can stretch his body paper-thin."
"A Few Minutes Earlier"
There's no reaction even
though we've gotten this close.
The lights aren't on, either.
It doesn't look like anyone's in there.
To hide a tree, use the forest...
I guess they're hiding as
an abandoned warehouse.
The weeds under the front door are pretty thick.
Is there another way in and out?
Has it been camouflaged using someone's Quirk?
We can't do anything reckless,
like enter carelessly.
--We have to see what's inside somehow--
--Hey, what're ya doin', hostess?
Come drink wit' us!
Stop that, idiot!
--Th-There's a lady with a huge rack!
--Hey, you! Hey, you!
Let's get away from here for now.
There aren't many people
walking by, but there are some.
We can't do anything to stand out.
What should we do?
Let's try going around to the back.
No matter how little information
we have on this place, it's all we've got.
This is very narrow...
I feel like I will get stuck...
We can't move until we know for sure it's safe.
No one will see us here,
and at that height,
we should be able to see inside, too!
Will we be able to see
anything in this darkness?
I can make a night vision scope--
Wait, Yaoyorozu!
Actually, I brought one with me...
Wow, why?
When I thought about what we'd have to do,
I thought we'd need it.
But isn't that super expensive?
I did research on them online
when I was thinking about my costume,
but if I remember correctly,
they cost around fifty thousand yen...
Who cares how much they cost?
Stop talking about it!
Okay, then Midoriya and Kirishima,
you two look through it.
Iida and I will carry you on our shoulders.
It's really cramped...
Don't lean forward too much.
I want to make sure we can run
the second we think it's dangerous.
Iida, can you move back a little?
Oof.
Tell us what you see.
Kirishima, what's inside?
It's just dirty...
I don't really see anything...
--Kirishima?!
--Hey!
What's wrong? What can you see, Kirishima?!
In the back on the left...!
Midoriya, look in the back on the left!
No way...
Are those... all...
...Nomu?!
Master, lend me your power.
Master...?
You're not the boss around here?
That's not funny!
Kurogiri, Compress,
make him go to sleep again.
I can't believe he's such a bad listener.
I'm almost impressed.
If you want me to listen to you,
then get on your knees and die!
I want to blow them up with my max firepower,
but that warp bastard's in the way.
Think...
I need to make an opening somehow
and get to the back door...
Hello, this is Pizza-La, Camino store.
Smash!
What the--?!
Kurogiri! Gate!
Pre-emptive Binding...
...Lacquered Chain Prison!
A tree? What the heck?
Don't be impatient.
It'd be in your best interests to stay put.
"Pro Hero - Kamui Woods - Quirk: Arbor"
Just what I'd expect from one of the most
competent new heroes around, Kamui Woods!
And the veteran faster than
the eye can see, Gran Torino!
You can't run anymore, League of Villains!
Why?
Because we are here!
Right after that press conference...
Don't tell me this was pre-arranged?
--Tree man! Stop pulling me! Push!
--No! No...!
When one is on the offensive is
when one neglects defense most.
"Pro Hero - Edgeshot - Quirk: Foldabody"
We're not the only ones here
from the Pizza-La Camino store.
Outside, you're surrounded by skillful
heroes, like Endeavor, and the police.
Tsukauchi! Why does that American get to
rush in while I'm out here holding the perimeter?
In case we miss catching them in there,
you've got a wider field of vision.
Fine!
I'm sure you were scared...
You did good bearing it.
I'm sorry.
It's fine now, young man!
I-I wasn't scared!
Not even close, damn it!
After I went through all
that trouble to prepare this...
Why are you coming to me, you last boss?
Everyone's been restrained.
We can't escape from this easily.
Damn it.
It can't be helped.
"We're not the only ones here."
The same goes for us.
Kurogiri, bring as many as you can over!
Nomus, I presume?
Hey!
That's...!
"Pro Hero - Mt. Lady - Quirk: Gigantification"
What's the matter, Kurogiri?
I'm sorry, Tomura Shigaraki.
The Nomus that were supposed to be
in a fixed location... are not there...!
Huh?
You are still green, Shigaraki!
League of Villains,
you underestimated everything too much--
The soul of a young man--
The diligent investigations of the police--
And--
Our anger!
The Nomu hangar...
...is completely under our control.
That's enough with the childish pranks.
This is the end.
Tomura Shigaraki!
All Might...
This is the hero acknowledged by Stain...!
The end, you say?
Don't be ridiculous.
I've only just begun.
Justice... peace...
I'll destroy this garbage heap that
you put a lid on with such vague ideas!
It was for that purpose
that I set All Might apart
and started gathering people to my cause...
Don't be ridiculous.
This is the beginning...
Kurogiri!
No, stop!
I couldn't see anything!
What, did you kill him?
I played around with his insides
and made him unconscious.
He is not dead.
Ninpo: Thousand Sheet Pierce!
This man was always a nuisance.
I'll have him sleep.
Didn't I tell you earlier that it'd be
in your best interests to stay put?
Kenji Hikiishi,
Atsuhiro Sako,
Shuichi Iguchi,
Himiko Toga,
Jin Bubaigawara.
With little information and time,
the police officers worked through
the night to determine your true identities.
Do you understand?
There's nowhere left for you to run.
Hey Shigaraki, can I ask you where your boss is?
No one came to save you, huh?
It must've been hard, huh, Tenko Shimura?
"Heroes..."
"Eventually, the heroes will..."
Everyone thought that and
pretended not to see you, huh?
Just who made this world into what it is?
You didn't do anything wrong.
It's fine. I'm here for you.
This...
This is...
...unsatisfying...
Don't be ridiculous...
Where is he right now?
Go away...
Disappear...
Shigaraki!
I hate you!
Nomus?!
They came from nowhere!
What is that?!
Edgeshot, what about Kurogiri?!
He's still unconscious!
He didn't do it!
They just keep coming!
Kamui Woods! Do not let them
go under any circumstance!
Yes, sir!
What the--?!
Young Bakugo!
Noooo!
Endeavor, we need backup!
What?!
Tsukauchi, expand the evacuation area!
There should be two hideouts...
That's what our investigation results said...
Jeanist, didn't you take control over there?
Jeanist?!
Toshinori, these guys...
They shouldn't have been able to warp...
They're dealing with this too quickly...!
Don't tell me they're going to use this...?!
Master...
"2 Minutes Earlier"
--Ouch...
--Wh-What happened?
Mt. Lady and Gang Orca...
...and even the number four hero, Best Jeanist?
Mr. Tiger is there, too!
Ugh, are these really alive?
Is it really okay for our job
to be this easy, Jeanist?
Maybe we should've gone with All Might.
Don't think about difficulty
and importance together, newcomer.
Riot squad, get the Maidens ready.
They might still be here.
Please continue to give it your all.
Yes, sir!
Ragdoll! Answer me!
Is that your teammate?
Looks like she's breathing. I'm glad.
But her condition...
"Pro Hero - Ragdoll - Quirk: Search"
What did they do to you, Ragdoll?!
The heroes were already
moving way before we were!
Wow...!
Now, let us fall back immediately.
There's nothing left for us to do now.
Since she said "with All Might,"
does that mean Kacchan is there, too?
If All Might is there, then there's
even more reason to rest easy.
Now, hurry!
Right.
Sorry, Tiger. She's always had a good Quirk.
It was the perfect opportunity, so I took it.
Are you with the League?
A light, someone...
After my body turned into this,
I also depleted a lot of what I'd stocked up...
Stop! Don't move!
Wait, Best Jeanist,
what if he was an ordinary citizen?!
Think about the situation.
That instant of hesitation
could decide the fight.
Don't let the villains do anything!
Tomura finally started thinking
and making decisions for himself...
I wish you wouldn't have gotten in his way.
There was no time to even look back--
It was the work of an instant.
What happened...
...didn't even take a second.
Even so, that man's spirit...
...gave us hallucinations of death.
You may one day have
to fight against this great evil...
"Tomura"... He was talking about Shigaraki!
What is this...?
It's not true, is it, All Might?
Don't tell me... Then, that's...
That's... All For One...!
Now then, shall we do it?
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
The symbol of evil, All For One!
We couldn't even move in the
face of his overwhelming presence!
Even though Kacchan is so close!
Next time, "Symbol of Peace"!
"Next time: Symbol of Peace"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!